Update kubectl subresource documentation (#49824)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definition-versioning.md

3. Remove `v1beta1` from the CustomResourceDefinition `status.storedVersions` field.

> {{< note >}}

Reviewer: I think we could simplify the contents of this note to:
<pre>

Here is an example of how to patch the `status` subresource for a CRD object using `kubectl`:

```bash
kubectl patch customresourcedefinitions &lt;CRD_Name&gt; --subresource='status' --type='merge' -p '{"status":{"storedVersions":["v1"]}}'
```
</pre>
WDYT?

Author: Yeah, I think it's reasonable. Previously `--subresource` was new, so we needed explicit info when it's available. But since it's beta for all supported releases, we can just mention the example only.

> The flag `--subresource` is used with the kubectl get, patch, edit, apply and replace commands to
> fetch and update the subresources, `status` and `scale`, for all the API resources that
> support them. This flag is available starting from kubectl version v1.24. Previously, reading

Reviewer: If keeping a longer note, try this:
```suggestion
You can use the  `--subresource` command line argument with the `kubectl get`, `kubectl patch`, `kubectl edit`,
`kubectl apply` and `kubectl replace` subcommands. Specifying a subresource instructs kubectl to
fetch and potentially update the subresource that you specify (either `status` or `scale`); using the `--subresource`
command line argument requires that you are operating on an API resource that actually has the
subresource that you specify. For example, if you attempt to
`kubectl edit configmaps/example --subresource status` then this will fail &ndash; because ConfigMap doesn't have
a `status` subresource. However, CustomResourceDefinition **does** have a `status` subresource.

In old (no longer supported) versions of Kubernetes, reading
```

Author: Not needed, decided to drop the entire section.
